[Music]
hello and welcome to another episode of
movie spoiler alerts today we're talking
about the 2017 superhero film guardians
of the galaxy vol 2 so let's get started
the spoiler does require in part that
you've seen the previous film if you'd
like to see a summary check out the
links in the cards the film opens with
Aisha the leader of the sovereign race
having the guardians of the galaxy
protecting her valuable batteries from a
massive monster in exchange for Gamora
sister nebula who was caught trying to
steal the same batteries however rocket
steals some of the batteries for himself
and the sovereign attacks the
guardianship with a fleet of drones the
drones are destroyed by a mysterious
ship however and they crashed on a
nearby planet a man from the mysterious
ship reveals himself to be Peter Quill's
father named Eko and invites quill
Gomorrah and Drax to his home planet
while rocket and Groot repair their ship
and guard nebula yondu and his crew are
hired by the sovereign to recapture the
guardians
yondu and his crew have been kicked out
of the Ravinder community for child
trafficking primarily referring to how
he trafficked peter as a child they
capture rocket but yondu hesitates to
turn over quill and then yondu's
lieutenant taser face leads a mutiny
with the help of nebula after succeeding
taser face takes over and nebula leaves
to find and kill her sister Gamora
rocketing yondu bond and with the help
of Groot and crackling a yondu loyalist
they are freed and destroy the ship
but taser face is able to warn the
sovereign we transition to find that ego
is a god-like being known as a celestial
who manipulated matter around his
consciousness to create a home planet he
also created a humanoid form where he
can project his consciousness in order
to travel the universe and while doing
so he fell in love with quills mother
meredith eventually leading to her
pregnancy upon her death eagle hired
yondu to collect quill to bring him to
the planet but quill was never delivered
nebula arrives at egos planet to try to
kill Gamora but they come to an uneasy
alliance once they discover a cave
filled with scale
ego then reveals to quill that he
actually planted seedlings across the
world which he can terraform into new
extensions of himself but can only be
activated by two Celestials he
impregnated thousands of women and had
yondu collect all of their offspring in
hopes that they would fulfill the role
of the second celestial when they failed
ego killed them explaining the cave
filled with skeletons under egos
influence quill is forced to help him
activate the seedlings which begin to
consume every world but quill fights
back when ego reveals that he actually
killed quills mother due to the
distraction that she posed mantis he
goes empathic servant grows close to
Drax and warns him of egos plans Gamora
and nebula learn of the plan as well
just as rocket yondu Groot and cracklin
arrive the sovereign drones also pursue
them as the Guardians try to destroy
egos brain house in the planets core
rocket makes a bomb using the stolen
sovereign batteries and group plants the
bomb on the brain quill uses his
newfound celestial power against ego to
distract him long enough for the other
Guardians and mantis to escape the bomb
explodes killing ego and disintegrating
the planet Yonder sacrifices himself in
order to save quill quill realizes that
yondu kept him hidden for so many years
to protect him from being killed by ego
and quill accepts yondu was his true
father figure
nebula chooses to leave and to try to
kill her father
Thanos by herself the guardians and
several Ravinder groups have a funeral
for yondu acknowledging his sacrifice
and accepting him as a Ravinder again in
both the mid and end scene credits we
see several things including cracklin
trying to use yondu's telekinetic arrow
Ravinder leaders to Karo board reuniting
with his ex teammates roots starting to
grow back to his normal size acting like
a stereotypical teenager aisha creating
a new artificial being to destroy the
guardians named atom and lastly Stanley
talking to a group of Watchers about his
experiences on earth so that was the
spoilers for the guardians of the galaxy
vol 2 if you have another film you'd
like to see me spoil please let me know
in the comments below
check us out our various forms of social
media and remember to like and subscribe
thanks for watching